Oh, most definitely I felt awkward.
I didn't wear my clothes a certain way,
or I didn't hide my hair,
kept a certain way.
I didn't wear this latest shoes.
It can be really easy to get cut up on social media
and trying to see what the new trends were,
trying to see how others look.
Should I look like that?
Why don't I look like that?
What can I do to look like that?
And I paid such a high price for the body I was going after.
I was going after unrealistic beauty standards.
It led me to being diagnosed with an eating disorder.
I'm focusing on my parents too much affected me spiritually,
even though I was in service,
even though I was in meeting,
even though I was present for family worship.
I wasn't focused.
I was thinking more of what I'm going to wear tomorrow.
My parents were a great help.
They took time to actually listen to my feelings
and what I was going through.
It was not necessarily any formal setting.
It was actually in informal settings
where we can be in the car and we're just talking
or we're sitting on the couch watching TV
and my dad would just talk to me
and kind of see how I was doing, how my day went.
My father, he kind of sat me down
and he shared two really important scriptures with me
in first piece of three, three and four,
which says, do not let your abdomen be external.
And you don't want to focus too much on
how you look on the outer parents.
And the reason being,
is found in Proverbs 31-30 where it says,
beauty may be fleeting.
So even though we may put so much effort
into how we look on the outer parents,
eventually that's going to go away.
Something that has really helped me
is giving myself time and the day to get off of social media,
get off the internet,
and giving time, dedicate time to Jehovah.
I own followed models and influencers
that made me feel more insecure by myself
and I would study Bible characters of the past
such as Abigail, Sarah, Ruth,
letting myself be influenced by them
was a game changer for me.
What made them more beautiful to the eyes of Jehovah
were their qualities,
how they treated others, their personality,
how they search Jehovah with loyalty.
As I examine those scriptures,
I feel like something clicked in my hair
being attractive physically,
it just didn't really make much of a difference to me anymore.
Making sure I prayed before my day started,
I learned to really let Jehovah in
and make my prayers meaningful.
There were a few elders,
some even became almost as close as best friends to me.
The elders really helped me when it came to
how I could take more attention off of me,
how I could focus on helping others.
Knowing that I'm making Jehovah happy
by helping others get to know him
and making disciples is what makes me happy now.
And as a pioneer, I finally was able to attend
my first Pioneer School in March of 2021,
which was an amazing blessing from Jehovah.
I work on being more open to people,
being more present, being more available.
And trust me, it paid off for me because eventually,
I received much more privileges in the congregation.
I was able to serve in different capacities
in Jehovah's organization and above all,
I was more up here.